SMW: Update World Doc for v2.0 Features (#3034)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: worlds/smw/docs/en_Super Mario World.md

## What items and locations get shuffled?

Each unique level exit awards a location check. Additionally, the following in-level actions can be set to award a location check:
- Collecting Five Dragon Coins
- Collecting 3-Up Moons
- Activating Bonus Blocks
- Receiving Hidden 1-Ups
- Hitting Blocks containing coins or items

Mario's various abilities and powerups as described above are placed into the item pool.
If the player is playing Yoshi Egg Hunt, a certain number of Yoshi Eggs will be placed into the item pool.

> Any additional items that are needed to fill out the item pool will be 1-Up Mushrooms, bundles of coins, or, if turned on, various trap items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any additional items that are needed to fill out the item pool will be 1-Up Mushrooms, bundles of coins, or, if enabled, various trap items.
```
